Now let's put this all together and
look at a Hello world example
with tensorflow Transform.
So here's what we're going to do.
We're going to collect some raw data and
we're going to define
the metadata around that data.
Then we're going to run transform to
transform the that raw data into features
and that's going to produce a graph and
we're going to in the background,
we're going to be running analyzers and
using tf.Transform.
So we start with collecting our raw
data which in this case is very simple,
it's just some static data that
we've created for the example.
So we have three different features here,
x, y and s.
So we express the types of those features
and information about them as metadata.
So we're going to import the metadata
module with intensive transform and
we're going to express that
metadata using a feature spe.
So we can create a feature spec that
expresses some information
about our our feature.
So this is telling us that,
why is afloat feature first of all,
and then it's a fixed length feature.
So this is not a for
example a sparse feature or
ragged tensor, it's fixed length feature.
So both y and x, or
fixed length float features and
then s,
is a string feature also fixed length.
So now we go this is our
preprocessing function.
This is where our user
code is going to go.
It's the entry point for
our user code anyway, so
you can see here we're pulling
the values for x y and
s from our inputs and then we're
going to do some transformations.
These are very simple transformation.
So going to center x and
that's going to require the mean.
So that in the background without us
thinking about it really is going to
make a pass over the data or
as it makes the pass,
it's going to collect that means so
we can use it here.
We're also going to do a normalization
using very simple scale to between
zero and one.
So that's our y normalize again going to
need a pass over the data to do that.
That's going to be the same pass,
it only does one pass.
And then we're going to take that
string feature that we have s and
we're going to create a vocabulary for
it and apply it so
that we get an integer value for
for s, a vocabulary.
And then we create a feature cross,
so this is purely synthetic feature.
So we're using our value for x,
that we've centered in our value for
y that we've normalized.
And we're creating a synthetic
feature called appropriately x
centered times y normalized
which is verbose but accurate.
Okay, and then that's going to return
well, the values that we just created so
that's our feature engineering.
We took in raw data and here are
transformed features that we've created.
We've engineered these features.
So again we took tensors in, so for
x we took integer values and
for s we took strings and
for y we also took integer values.
Those passed through the code that we
wrote to express our feature engineering.
The entry point of that was
the pre processing function.
And coming out of that we
get our engineered features
including the vocabulary
version of our string feature
that we have created vocabulary for.
So now we're going to run our code
to do the processing that requires
us to create a main in this case
because we're just using pure
tensorflow transform as a library
to run our feature engineering.
I want to point out though typically
you would often be doing this
in a TFX pipeline using
a transform component.
The code is really the same in
the preprocessing function that we just
looked at.
But here it's a little bit
different because we're running in
tensorflow transform and not in
a transform component in a TFX pipeline.
So this is one of the ways
that you can run transform.
I just want to make you aware that this
part that we're looking at here is
not how it looks, when you run it in TFX.
So here we're using we're just
running it inside a main function and
we're going to do that using Apache beam.
That's going to require us to
establish a context for Apache beam.
And then we're going to define a beam
pipeline using the beam python syntax,
which is a little bit different
than you might expect.
One of the things to get used
to here is the pipe operator.
So what that says is I'm
going to run tft beam.
I've established that in the context,
I'm going to use the analyze and
transform data set to run
my preprocessing function.
That's going to return a result actually
in this case is a tuple result.
So it's going to return both the raw
data and the raw data metadata.
So this python syntax is a little
bit different than what you
might be used to for
python that is specific to Apache be.
So we have our transformed data,
we have our transform metadata and
we get that from our transformed data set.
So we can print out the raw data and
the transform data and
run our main so before we ran
transform we had features like this.
After running transform we
have features like this.
So that's our transformation,
we've we've transformed between our
raw data and our engineer data.
Yeah so, key points on this Hello
world example of using tensorflow
transform actually outside of tfx,
although you would often be running this
as part of the tfx transform component,
it allows preprocessing on the input
data and creating the features.
Well, that's what transform is for.
It's the feature engineering
that we're going to do.
It allows defining preprocessing
pipelines that are going to run and
and do their execution on large scale data
processing frameworks using Apache beam.
Apache beam runs on top of other
frameworks like spark or flank or
google cloud data flow or
actually just on your laptop,
using what's called the direct runner.
In a tfx pipeline the transform
component implements feature engineering
using tensorflow transform.
So the transform component is built
using the transformed library,
the tensorflow transformed library.